[Music]
hi lovely people of foodtube I am in
goats are beautiful go so it's an island
next to Malta yes I'm gonna celebrate
this beautiful island I gonna make my
own on my pizza classic margarita so
simple so easy the world love pizza why
you should go by macaron is chippy and
easy and it is delicious
let me show you how a bowl 500 gram of a
strong flavor
one teaspoon of salt Sasha of seven
grams of dry yeast and a new area three
to five mils of warm water straitened
mix it now can you see the so Tanya I
gonna mix it the salt with the flour the
yeast goes inside then you mix it what
is about making pizzas fantastical turn
it down move the spoon and start to mix
it fantastic on this stage I need a
little bit of flour just a little bit
put them on top this is the way you
clean your ends I love my pizza you
gather all together on now with the palm
of your hands in one side are you
holding for the other one you pull it
and you fold it you pulley your folder
you carry on do that ok then you get the
other side cool and you fold it now the
dough is ready get a flour just roll in
a little bit
your knife you do one two three and four
it's about hundred fifty gram roll it
roll it now you go for beautiful
portions of dolls
now I'm gonna prove the dog okay first a
little bit or but semolina if you don't
have a similarly news breadcrumbs in
work it it's fantastic is what I used to
do I'm gonna prove it what is proven
yeast is alive sana see touch water
start to move it since is touch the
flower started to freedom that create
hair oxygen goes Bob low and it goes moo
moo moo moo moo boo-boo boo-boo
double the size because they're happy
but then the rest it they become very
elastic you can stretch in a nice way
I don't mind put a little flour on top
for the dump crop on and let it prove
least two hours
[Music]
hello huh
flower look da the double decides press
it turn them around again pick him up
look that okay now there is a little
hole here so don't try to stick it try
to take it from the side over the pizza
put them on the middle then with your
finger just press it this is freely
fantastic stop you get nice tomato Oh
passata will do on this particularly one
a flavour will be the garlic is easy
start from the middle you do not need to
put too much tomato drizzle with us some
little olive oil he helped to flavour
the pizza a little bit of salt when you
reach this stage to make the classic
margarita you need the Parmesan cheese
the SS will be so delicious
nice mozzarella for each pizza you need
about 50 gram of mozzarella just to
break with your hands it's so good
basil break it yes little nice drizzle
olive oil again pan it here a little
semolina on a pallet don't be afraid you
adjusted now miracle will happen yes
this is a very rustic yes this is what I
call him a pizza look dad the perfect
pizza the tomato the basil on top the
cheese the go-to olive oil goes or love
you you can put the salami you can put
preserved vegetables make your own is
ever so easy if you want to see me make
all more fantastic dish
don't forget food Tube channels
subscribe it is free less cooking of the
day than is enjoying I made for you
fantastic margarita pizza you know what
Paul the cameraman is look at me a scone
nearly fought boy I got it to my picture
I got it to my pizza oh yes thank you
for watching my video food tubers this
recipe was adapted from my book let's
cook Italian please take a look you will
love it
I keep watching food Tube channel
subscribe it is free and enjoy let's
cook all year round together I love you
all
[Music]